Break hpu graphs into two for better performance (#14656)
Lightning-AI/lightning: src/pytorch_lightning/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed an issue to keep downscaling the batch size in case there hasn't been even a single successful optimal batch size with `mode="power"` ([#14372](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14372))

> - Fixed an issue wrt performance on hpu backends ([#14656](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14656))

Reviewer: Would like the Changelog entry to be precise of what the PR is doing

Author: I think extra details should be part of the PR. Changelog should capture the summary

- Fixed an issue to keep downscaling the batch size in case there hasn't been even a single successful optimal batch size with `mode="power"` ([#14372](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14372))

> - Fixed an issue wrt performance on hpu backends ([#14656](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14656))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Break HPU Graphs into two parts (forward + backward as one and optimizer as another) for better performance ([#14656](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/14656))
```
